# Ethereum Mining Guide
More often it is noticed that support for Linux would be costly than windows support. Hence, many companies prefer to set up windows machines for operating at a small scale. Since, you would be doing mining at an individual level or else at family level, wherein all family members would take their turns in doing mining so that everyone could try their luck of generating money for their family, it may be sufficient enough to configure windows system for the purpose of carrying out mining activities. This way you could avoid cost of setting up linux machines which are usually done at server setup level which is not required.


Also, it is noticed that drivers on linux machines which are required for supporting GPUs are very old and in fact are outdated due to which you would not get best out of these machines. Hence it is recommended that [Ethereum Mining Guide](https://mining.help) would be your choice though you have a linux machine. It is agreed that you may have to do lot of work, like transforming linux machine into windows machine and then following step by step process that is explained in guide to set up this windows machine into power system on which anyone can quickly do mining and get treasure that they are hunting for.
The other challenge is that overclock tools that are intended for linux may not work properly on all GPUs and we all know that GPUs are core of mining infrastructure that we should be setting up. Hence, it is suggested that you prefer windows than linux for earning alluring money. None on this Earth would like to miss money that comes to them, however, this is possible only when one is ready to invest time and a little money.
